=The Truth=
=Episode 27=
The explosive was black powder.
Judging by the damage to this house,
it was caused by
small amounts.
But I found traces
of an accelerant at the scene.
However, we need Ziwu
to test the specific components.
The presence of an accelerant confirms
this is a criminal case.
How was the explosive detonated?
That's still unclear
because the only evidence
we got right now is a blown-up phone,
along with some glass
and plastic fragments.
Could the phone have been the detonator?
Igniting black powder
requires an open flame.
There are no signs of a short circuit
on the phone's motherboard.
It wasn't connected
to any external device.
I need time to re-check it.
You may go, and I'll look around.
Ye,
the landlord said
the tenant of this place is Gao Liang.
That woman is his girlfriend.
But they don't live together.
She comes to see him every now and then.
The landlord also mentioned
that he's a freelancer,
but she doesn't know
what kind of work he does.
The landlord doesn't
have Gao Liang's ID information?
The rental process
for this place wasn't formal.
There was no agency involved,
and no rental contract was signed.
As long as you paid, you could rent it.
The rent isn't expensive.
The surveillance camera
is already broken.
The landlord didn't fix it
due to the high repair fee.
According to the landlord,
Gao Liang was quite generous,
never delaying the monthly rent payment.
He always paid on time.
And he always paid in cash.
He was a quiet person
and kept to himself.
Even when his girlfriend came,
they both just stayed
silently inside the room.
Let the landlord
check all the available footage
to confirm Gao Liang's appearance.
Okay.
The landlord identified this person
as Gao Liang.
But the public camera
has limited resolution.
This is the clearest photo
we can get right now.
Seriously?
Isn't there one without sunglasses?
The landlord said
he wore them indoors too.
Had a condition.
Must avoid light.
Nonsense.
Is that what the landlord actually said?
Just keep going.
So the landlord doesn't actually know
what he really looks like either.
The accelerant
at the scene was gasoline.
Due to the explosion and fire,
evidence like fingerprints
and DNA was basically destroyed.
These two were extremely wary.
They set fire just to destroy evidence.
Any leads
on the source of the sodium metal?
We're checking all chemical suppliers
in the city.
But the suspects could also obtain it
from school labs at various levels.
The scope is too wide.
It's challenging.
What about the gunpowder
from the explosion?
We found paper scraps at the scene.
Preliminary assessment suggests
it's from fireworks sold locally.
Although fireworks are banned
within the city limits,
the suburbs aren't covered
by that restriction.
Are you busy right now?
Have you eaten?
Not busy.
It's not busy right now.
You're still working?
Yeah, I am.
Jing,
do you remember Liu Xiaofeng?
Yeah, I do.
What about him?
I almost forgot one thing.
I actually ran into him the other day.
When? Where?
Tell me more.
Thank you.
Ma'am, I'm sorry.
Oh, it's you.
It's okay.
Just don't do that again, okay?
Okay, it won't happen again.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
That's it.
Then he just left.
What?
Chief Xu.
Ye, come with me for a moment.
You all carry on.
Go.
Continue investigating the connections
of the deceased.
Extend the case.
Yes.
- Yes.
First, I want to thank our comrades
from the city police department.
You've worked hard during this period.
Next, I hope
you'll formulate a detailed plan
and broaden the investigation
to eliminate the drug scourge
in Yunxi City
and completely crush the drug dealers.
Recently, we've achieved a major victory
by taking down a major criminal gang
led by Bao Hei.
We've precisely struck against crime
and maintained social security.
During this operation,
the police executed a clever setup.
They successfully
apprehended four drug dealers,
Huo, Dan Qing, Liu Zhua, and Madman,
who planned to trade
with Bao Hei's gang in our city.
Narcotics officers then
disguised themselves as these four
to continue the transaction
and gather evidence,
ultimately leading to a huge success.
(Sadly, we lost Chen Yumo,
an anti-narcotics officer.)
(We'll remember her spirit forever.)
(We also express our highest respect)
(and heartfelt gratitude to all officers
involved in this operation.)
(We will continue our efforts)
(to make greater contributions
to the peace and stability of Wannan.)
Hello, Master.
(No-Name Diner)
Bye, Captain Qin.
Jing, we'll come again.
Okay.
You can call me to order in advance.
Ye.
Your master has been here for ages.
- Okay.
- Come on in.
Over there.
Have a seat.
Were you riding around?
I can do it myself.
I went to the shooting range.
Eat quickly. It's getting cold.
Chief Xu wants you
to take a few days off.
What do you think?
I don't want to rest right now.
Don't try to tough it out with me.
Take a few days off.
Adjust yourself.
It's not appropriate to rest now.
The team is understaffed.
And the case hasn't been solved yet.
I know you're very sad.
Come back to work
after you've adjusted your mindset.
It's not necessary.
I'm fine.
Really?
Eat.
Have some more.
Today, we gather with heavy hearts.
Here, we deeply mourn our dear comrade,
Chen Yumo, an outstanding Party member.
(Martyr Chen Yumo's Tomb)
The heroine has departed.
But her noble spirit endures.
She is resting here
with her loyal soul.
Today, we bid farewell
to our beloved comrade Chen Yumo here.
At the same time,
we will learn from Chen Yumo
about her fearless sacrifice
and dedicated spirit.
We promise to protect the people,
uphold social fairness and justice,
stay true to our missions,
and march forward.
All personnel.
Put on hats.
Salute.
(I once fell into an abyss,)
(shrouded in darkness.)
(But I never gave up looking for light.)
(The shadows from my girlhood
cut deep into my heart like blades.)
(Yet it was precisely this great pain)
(that solidified my choice
of this path.)
(I willingly put myself in danger,)
(hiding within the darkness.)
(I concealed my true identity,)
(walking the boundary
between justice and evil.)
(The path was strewn with thorns.)
(But I had become fearless)
(because of my unwavering pursuit
of justice.)
(At that moment in the bomb shelter,)
(bullets whistled past.)
(I was drenched in blood.)
(In utter despair,)
(Martyr Chen Yumo's Tomb)
(I discovered a secret door to freedom.)
(I struggled to crawl out.)
(The moment I saw the light again,)
(I knew I fought not just for justice,)
(but more importantly,
for the future of the victims.)
(I never regretted stepping
onto that path.)
(Ye Qian)
(It showed me the light
and darkness within human nature.)
(It strengthened my inner convictions.)
(I firmly believe
that justice may be delayed,)
(but it will never be absent.)
♪But because someone
always rushes ahead♪
♪To shield us from the storm♪
♪When every extraordinary act
becomes routine♪
♪Just to polish the badge
upon their shoulder♪
Light and darkness
are inherently intertwined.
For example, in this world,
there's sunlight and shadow.
(That's why I never
really liked Rembrandt.)
(I prefer Monet.)
(Always standing in the sunlight.)
People who can always
stand in the sunlight
must be very lucky, right?
♪Reaching out its arms♪
♪Cloaked in light♪
(Martyr Chen Yumo's Tomb)
(After all these years, you still
like using ticket stubs as bookmarks.)
(To keep as a memento.)
(What exactly have you been through
these years?)
(Do you remember this?)
(The pattern changed,)
(but that's because of time.)
(You said you'd always stand
on the side of light.)
♪But because someone
always rushes ahead♪
♪To shield us from the storm♪
♪When forgetting oneself first
becomes routine♪
♪Just for the ideals sworn
with a clenched fist♪
♪Like light reflected in the dust♪
♪Sketching out your form♪
♪Looking up♪
♪Such dazzling glory♪
(Martyr Chen Yumo's Tomb)
(Yumo,)
(no matter who you are,)
(I won't mind.)
♪Alone, they charge ahead♪
♪Traversing♪
♪The battlefield of fate♪
♪Like hope♪
♪Reaching out its arms♪
♪Looking up♪
♪Such undying glory♪
♪Will illuminate♪
♪Justice's direction♪
When my son Xiaoyu was
about two or three years old,
I was busy with a homicide case.
Extremely busy.
Working from dawn till dusk.
I wouldn't get home until late at night.
One day, I got home around four or five
in the morning after working.
When I opened the door,
my ex-wife was sitting right
in the middle of the living room,
staring straight at the door.
"You're back."
I said, "Yeah."
"Have you eaten?"
"What case? Still can't talk about it?"
"Let's get divorced."
We got divorced that very day.
After I got back home,
I just couldn't believe I was divorced.
I couldn't believe any of it was real.
More than ten years have passed.
When you have time,
you should
spend more time with your parents
and those who love you.
I feel sorry for her.
I owe her too much.
Master.
I just feel like...
Back then, I didn't protect her.
And it's the same now.
She was a good girl.
That much is clear.
You've done what you should have done.
Don't blame yourself.
Sometimes, people need
to learn to wipe the slate clean.
You've got to look ahead.
Master.
If you had another chance to choose,
would you still choose to marry her?
Yes.
That's fate, I suppose.
I would love her
and spend more time with her.
Sometimes,
people aren't really that busy.
It's just an excuse.
(Yunxi Police Department)
I've never seen either
of these two people.
I don't know if Xiaofeng
knew them either.
What about Liu Xiaofeng's friends?
If he'd had friends,
he wouldn't have been bored enough
to do that stupid thing.
He'd been unsociable since childhood.
I had no idea
what was going on in his head.
He always surfed the internet at home.
My fault for not correcting him sooner.
He'd spend all day
looking at weird stuff online.
What did Liu Xiaofeng do online?
Do you know?
I don't.
He didn't want me in his room.
He kept his door shut.
Could this woman be someone
Liu Xiaofeng met online?
How could a girl like her
be interested in him?
He had no money.
What would she see in him?
Did Liu Xiaofeng offend anyone?
Just those dog owners and dog lovers.
We've paid the compensation.
What more do they want?
Is it ever going to end?
Anyway, he just poisoned some dogs.
Did anyone threaten Liu Xiaofeng?
Do you know who they are?
They were all Internet users.
Did forensic unit find
any valuable fingerprints
on the internet cafe's computers?
It's a public place, after all.
People come and go.
According to the internet cafe owner,
that woman seemed particularly clean.
She would clean the chairs,
table, computer, mouse, and so on
before and after using the computer.
Seems she was already preparing
to evade detection.
Has the internet cafe been allowed
to open?
Not yet.
Hello? Chief Xu.
Today?
Okay.
Notify the forensic unit
to revisit the internet cafe.
Yes, sir.
Left index finger.
Looks intact.
Judging by the shape and size,
likely from a girl.
Well done, Long.
You're the best.
Where's Little Qian?
Haven't seen him these days.
Who knows?
When we were analyzing the case,
Chief Xu called him away.
He hasn't come back yet.
Both sides of the road
before the apartment entrance
are lined with cars of nearby residents.
This was captured by the dashcam
of one of those private cars.
The time was 11:30 PM
on the night of the crime.
That should be the suspect.
But it didn't capture her leaving.
The time of death was around midnight.
So this person entered the elevator
from the entrance
and then went up to the rooftop.
The whole process
would take at least 10 minutes.
Can the suspect complete the murder
in such a short time?
It's more complicated than that.
The elevator cameras inside the building
didn't capture her getting in or out.
It means she took the unmonitored
fire escape stairs.
Such a high floor.
Considering the speed and stamina,
an average person can't do it.
What about Liu Xiaofeng?
The camera didn't catch him either.
Did he take the stairs too?
Probably.
Liu Xiaofeng had done bad things before.
Maybe he was still
plotting something bad back then.
Really?
According to Cao,
Liu Xiaofeng sincerely apologized.
Just the other day,
Jing ran into him at the market.
He kept apologizing.
It actually made her feel quite awkward.
Actions can be deceiving.
Liu Xiaofeng's payment records show
that he'd been
frequenting this sports club lately.
Don't worry, Master.
I'm fine.
Liu Xiaofeng didn't strike me
as someone who loved sports.
So this behavior of his is suspicious.
This guy came a few times.
He joined the beginner's archery class.
He paid per lesson.
A total beginner.
Do you know why he learned archery?
I'm not sure about that.
Usually, it's just a hobby.
But I do remember this guy.
According to our coach,
he always asked around
about where to buy restricted items.
Do you have that kind of stuff here?
We run a legitimate business.
We never engage in illegal activities.
But as you surely know,
these days,
you can find anything online.
Some of our veteran students
just can't keep their mouths shut.
They just mentioned it casually,
and he latched onto it.
That really isn't our fault.
Let us know in detail
if you remember anything else.
Liu Xiaofeng had custom-made a crossbow.
And he'd been inquiring
about where to buy cyanide.
The young man who poisoned the dogs?
Right.
What was he planning to do?
More dogs?
Not dogs this time, I think.
He was planning to kill a person.
Do we have proof?
We're working on it.
There is only cookware
and leftovers in the kitchen.
They can get your hands greasy.
What exactly are you up to, officers?
You won't find anything you want.
- Alright.
- Search.
I'll put it back.
Check this out. Come on.
My son just poisoned some dogs.
What is all the fuss about?
What could be in this shoe cabinet?
Just a bunch of smelly shoes.
Smells awful.
Come give me a hand.
Be careful with my TV set.
It's brand new.
Careful!
- Okay now?
- I've checked.
Give me a break.
Xiaofeng was the victim.
He didn't commit any crime.
He just killed some dogs, right?
Could you guys
stop searching?
A dog's life can't be more precious
than my son's, can it?
Found something.
This thing really works.
See that?
You insulted me.
You forced me to apologize.
Just you wait.
I'll make you pay for that.
This video was found
on the phone Liu Xiaofeng hid.
The location is still being verified.
That crossbow is basically consistent
with the one he purchased.
This thing can be lethal
if it hits a vital spot.
Listen up.
Keep working
on Liu Xiaofeng's network and movements.
That crossbow in the video absolutely
cannot be allowed into the public.
Also, regarding Gao Liang
and his girlfriend's identity
and whereabouts,
keep digging.
- Yes.
Yes.
Got it.
Liu Xiaofeng didn't run into Jing
at the market by coincidence.
Liu Xiaofeng
was targeting all the pet owners
whose pets he poisoned.
You're saying he was stalking Jing?
It's possible.
No way.
Why would he want revenge on everyone?
That's terrifying.
Appearances can be deceiving.
Thankfully, nothing happened.
We have some evidence now.
He seemed perfectly normal.
I know
he came from a single-parent home.
Lived with his mother.
She struggled so hard
to raise him this big.
How heartbroken she'd be
when she found out.
Dad.
It's me.
Someone just came to see you?
You're mad at me, aren't you?
I've had too many cases lately.
I've been too busy.
Don't be angry.
I'll try to come every day from now on.
Dad.
Do you remember Ziwu?
When she first joined the CID,
she couldn't get used
to the crime scenes.
I even made her cry a few times.
Remember?
Once, you came to see me,
carrying a bag of tomatoes.
I'd just yelled at her that day.
She was crying in the hallway.
You quietly took out two tomatoes
and handed them to her.
You said,
"Miss, eat them.
These tomatoes are sweet.
They'll make you feel better."
Remember?
That night at home, you scolded me,
saying I was too harsh on the girl.
You told me to treat female colleagues
gently like spring breeze.
You remember?
Ziwu
has often said to me,
"Your dad is such a good man.
A truly great guy.
Much better than you."
And your grandson.
He came to see me a few days ago.
I know you love him very much.
When he made trouble,
you always defended him,
afraid I'd hit him.
Do you remember?
Dad.
Don't worry.
Your grandson is better off
with his mom than with me.
Next time, I'll bring him to see you.
What's wrong?
Does your fingernail hurt?
Who clipped your fingernails?
Was it Ziwu?
See? She did a much nicer job
than I ever could.
Go to sleep now, Dad.
Relax your neck.
Get some rest.
I have to leave soon.
I'm on duty.
I'll come see you soon.
Sweetie.
How did you end up here again?
What's wrong?
Got nowhere to go?
It just wandered over to our place.
Guess we're meant to raise it.
Let's keep it.
It can't stay here tonight.
Don't you want to keep it?
We have to take it home
and clean it up first.
Okay, let's take it home and clean it.
Come on, sweetie.
We're going home.
You just ate some food.
Want some more?
Come on.
A new member?
Ziwu.
What's its name?
Xiaoka.
Have a seat outside.
Take a seat. I'm coming.
Sit here.
Sweetie,
eat some more.
Jing looks happy. It makes me happy too.
My treat.
What will you have?
Two bowls of wontons.
Two bowls?
Captain Leng's coming later.
Got it.
A bowl of wontons, Jiao.
Coming.
Two bowls are ready.
Here.
Help yourselves.
Vinegar.
How about we go together later?
Ziwu.
What's your take
on the Liu Xiaofeng case?
Long says the result on the fingerprints
from the vending machine
will be out today.
That's all?
You eat.
Okay.
(Being recorded. Please wait)
(Comparison in progress)
(Target fingerprint
matches the original one)
Done.
(After comparison,
the crossbow fingerprint matches.)
(No corresponding fingerprint detected.)
For real?
Captain Leng.
I need to brief you on something.
The fingerprint results are out.
Let me update everyone.
The fingerprint from the vending machine
hasn't been matched to an identity yet.
The same fingerprint has been found
at three other active crime scenes,
namely, Cheng Jianmin's
accidental death at home,
(Zhou Lianqin's suspected suicide
at the guesthouse,)
(and Wen Yong's disappearance.)
(There are doubts about
the three cases.)
(The relevant units
are still following up.)
(After consulting
with the city police department,)
(Chief Xu has decided
to let us investigate the three cases)
(alongside this case we're working on.)
♪Replacing the weight of tears
with that of sweat♪
♪Covering the gunshot's sound
with wounds♪
♪No one is born unyielding and strong♪
♪But because someone
always rushes ahead♪
♪To shield us from the storm♪
♪When every extraordinary act
becomes routine♪
♪Just to polish the badge
upon their shoulder♪
♪Like light surging unseen
through the night♪
♪Converging into your form♪
♪Looking up♪
♪Such dazzling glory♪
♪Like hope♪
♪Reaching out its arms♪
♪Cloaked in light♪
♪Alone, they charge ahead♪
♪Traversing♪
♪The battlefield of fate♪